Terms of Use 

What You Get For Purchasing 

When you purchase Minecraft you do so as is, be it in the early stages of 
development or already fully released. Subsequent updates are only an added 
bonus and not a guarantee, as icing on a cake. Purchases during the development 
of the game are discounted and include the full game upon release. 

As we at Mojang strive towards releasing updates for our projects we cannot 
guarantee that any project will ever be completed and/or provided support for. 
There's always the risk of a project being discontinued at any time. 

The One Major Rule 

Do not distribute anything we've made. This includes, but not limited to, the 
client or the server software for the game. This also includes modified versions 
of anything we've made. Also, you may not resell any gift codes or licence keys 
- but of course you can give gift codes as gifts. This is necessary so that we 
can help stop piracy and fraud - and especially users buying keys that have been 
fraudulently obtained. 

In order to ensure integrity of the game, we need all game downloads to come 
from a single central source: us. We hope you understand. It's also important 
for us that 3rd party tools/services don't seem "too official" as we can't 
guarantee their quality. Make sure to read through our brand guidelines. If you 
wish to make something pertaining to anything we've made we're humbled, but 
please make sure that it can't be interpreted as being official. Do not make 
commercial use of anything we've made unless specifically authorized by us in 
our brand and assets usage guidelines (which you should read as each of these 
policies form part of these Terms of Use). 

What You Can Do 

If you've bought the game, you may play around with it and modify it. We'd 
appreciate it if you didn't use this for griefing, though, and remember not to 
distribute the changed versions of our software. Basically, mods (or plugins, or 
tools) are cool (you can distribute those), hacked versions of the Minecraft 
client or server are not (you can't distribute those). 

Any tools you write for the game from scratch belongs to you. Other than 
commercial use (unless specifically authorized by us in our brand and assets 
usage guidelines - for instance you are allowed to put ads on your YouTube 
videos containing Minecraft footage), you're free to do whatever you want with 
screenshots and videos of the game, but don't just rip art resources and pass 
them around, that's no fun. Plugins for the game also belong to you and you can 
do whatever you want with them, as long as you don't sell them for money. We 
reserve the final say regarding what constitutes a tool/plugin and what doesn't. 

Other 

We reserve the right to change this agreement at any time with or without notice, 
with immediate and/or retroactive effect. 

Any suggestions made are assumed to be offered for free unless otherwise agreed 
before the suggestion was made. We're not going to put up a huge EULA. We're 
trying to be open and honest, and we hope people treat us the same way back. 

If there's anything legal you're wondering about that isn't answered from this 
page, don't do it and ask us about it. Basically, don't be ridiculous and we won't. 

/ Markus Persson and friends 

Privacy Policy 

When you purchase a game from us, you fill in your personal/company details. You 
agree that we store and use your information in our organization to complete the 
agreement towards you. You have the right, according to the law 
Personuppgiftslagen (PUL) in Sweden to know about the information registered 
about you. If it is wrong, insufficient or irrelevant you have the right to make 
sure that it gets corrected or removed. 

Company Information 

Mojang AB
Maria Skolgata 83
118 53, Stockholm
Sweden
Organization number: 556819-2388 
